(slow solemn music)
- [Man] My name is Terry.
This is my hometown.
It sits in the
middle of nowhere.
Actually, it's in the
middle of the desert,
right between two of the
livest cities in the world,
Los Angeles and Las Vegas.
Supply and demand of those
two populations has made us
famous for the manufacturing
and distribution
of one highly sought
after product,
Crystal Methanphetamine,
otherwise known as crystal,
speed, crank, and go fast.
One of the top three
narcotics used in the US.
Unlike the other two, cocaine
and heroin,
it's the only on manufactured
right here in the states,
in what most people
call cook towns.
Mainly in secluded areas because
of the smell it
generates when cooked.
And when the cooking of it
goes bad, it goes real bad.
(exploding)
(deep slow music)
The only person I know to
make it out of this town
to the Vegas high life is Kelly.
She taught me everything I know,
how to cook, how to sell,
and how to survive in this dead
end game.
She mastered the art
of the come up.
Now she tells high rollers what
to bet on
and keeps her little sister,
Keisha, right by her side.
- Good morning.
- All right, here's your paper.
- Thank ya.
- So primitive.
I mean, really, who still
reads the paper anymore?
- I do.
I'm the one who does what
everybody else doesn't do.
Them little blogs and
websites you check out,
they don't know everything.
You gotta keep it old
school sometimes, baby girl.
- Yeah, yeah, I hear
you, which reminds me,
I'm about to go check my Insta.
- Gotta see if you got
any new followers?
- I got plenty of those.
- Ooh, stop it.
(laughing)
Hope they bringing you a check.
- This is Mike, been right
by my side
for the past three years.
- Oh man, why we gotta sell
that shit on (mumbles)?
- Times is hard, man.
People need fronts just
to move it.
- Yeah, but we stay
chasing our money, dog.
It's not even worth it no more.
- I know.
We're gonna pick up a
big bag of some fifths,
move some weight so we
can get back on our feet.
- Once we start fucking
with fifths, no more shorts.
Know what I'm saying?
We're playing with our lives,
dog.
- Yeah.
Right now, we're gonna
mash up in this pool hall
and see if we can't
find Spike and
get some of our
motherfucking money.
- Oh, fuck that motherfucker.
I swear to god,
if he says anything,
I'm gonna put a
bullet in his ass.
- Yeah, but it will be a lot
harder to
get that from a dead asshole.
- Half the motherfuckers
in this rat ass town
owe us money, dog.
I say we go in there and
take some fucking names
and we set a fucking example,
know what I'm saying?
Fuck this shit.
(lighthearted rock music)
- All right, no balls
dropped yet.
All bets are on right now.
- Yo, the way you've
been shooting tonight,
you might wanna wait
until you shoot first,
then place your bets.
(laughing)
- (mumbles) I'll finish his ass
off before he finishes that
smoke.
- [Man] This dude's killing
you, man.
- Wow.
(deep rhythmic music)
(barking)
(zipper pulled up)
- Shit.
- I'm ready to sink
this eight ball.
- Let's go in the restroom and
handle some business real quick.
- I'm gambling right now, man.
You can handle your
business later.
- Do I have to chase you all
around town
to get my money, Spike?
- Eight ball, corner pocket.
- Really tired of chasing you,
man.
- Yo, Hawk, this
motherfucker's acting like
I'm running scared!
- Shit, I don't know.
But he damn sure doesn't look
like the boogie man to me.
(glass shattering)
(yelling)
- Glad you can hear me
better with one ear!
- This isn't how you handle
business, man.
- I'm leaving here with this
ear or my fucking money!
- Give him the money, baby.
- You should've been said that.
- Next round's on me.
Everybody trying to
even the trenches.
To some people, I'm the food.
Watch the fucking car, man!
- Fuck!
Get the fuck out of here!
- Man, see I told you about
these fucking alleys, dog.
(fun rhythmic music)
There's not a whole
lot to do in this town.
All we have is the pool
hall, the strip club,
and a whole lot of dope.
(fun rap music)
Amanda, the best thing
that ever happened to me.
Pure as the driven snow.
Wish she didn't have to bare
herself in this club like this
but trying to survive
in these towns,
requires the full effort from
both of us.
- Amanda, you leaving all ready?
- Thank god.
All these creeps wanna
take me home with them.
It's the same thing everyday.
- Only if the price is right,
honey.
- Never!
You look like you were making
out with
one of those losers in VIP.
- VIP, Amanda, means
they paid to play, duh.
- The US government could
not print up enough money
for me to make out with
any of those losers.
- Doesn't mean you gotta half
ass it.
Look, I got a party tonight
with a couple of real ballers.
Pay your bills for the
next three months.
- No, I got priorities, school,
8:00 am.
- Such a square.
- Plus, Terry's picking me up in
a minute.
- Good, that's who I
need to see anyway.
- Like that's what I need.
For him to get busted
in here and
then how are we gonna survive?
- If you're so scared,
(mumbles).
- Disgusting.
- [Terry] That's Crystal,
she's the direct
opposite of Amanda.
- What the fuck, Jaguar,
how many times do I
have to tell you?
Put it out, seriously, you
smell like a fucking ashtray!
That's why you can't
make any fucking money.
- God damn, bitch, where
you want me to smoke out?
- I mean, damn it, how many
times do I gotta tell you?
Go outside or something, shit.
Sweetie, you're on stage next.
- Jojo runs the club.
Drug dealer made good.
Gotta respect anyone
that can turn to
their house from
illegal to legal
and still check a cool
profit at the end of the day.
(deep rhythmic music)
- Why don't you go
get me a drink?
- Yeah, I ain't get no drink.
(mumbles) some tits
and some ass.
(laughing)
Hey, remember that shit
when you were kids,
put a quarter in a machine,
that's the same shit right here.
(laughing)
- But somethings never change.
Easy baby, easy.
Better start locking doors
around here.
- I don't gotta lock doors,
I'm quick on the draw.
I heard about your
cook's little accident.
- More like a big accident.
Blew himself and his girl to
holy hell.
- What are you gonna do
about your product though?
I know you gotta get back
on your feet somehow.
- I think I got it handled.
(deep rhythmic music)
- No, do not smoke a
cigarette in this car.
- [Mike] It's a fucking
convertible.
- I don't want that in this car
with me!
I don't want the
secondhand smoke.
- Wow, man.
What kind of fucking web has
she got spun on you, dog?
- Come on, man,
help me out here.
- You don't have a fucking
clue about relationships,
do you?
- No, I really can't
relate to the fucking web
you've got spun around him.
- Terry, where are we
dropping this fool off?
- Dropping me off, shit,
man, come on.
- Mike and I have to make a run.
I gotta drop you off.
- What?
It is after 2:00 am, Terry!
I thought we agreed on
a fucking curfew!
- Oh, this bitch got you
on a curfew?
- It's business, I need this
right now.
- This is how it starts, you're
out all hours of the night,
then you're cooking again,
then you're using again,
then you're in prison again.
- Wow, man, you really
scored big with this chick.
She's a fucking psychic,
she sees the fucking future.
- Shut the fuck up, Mike.
- I'm not doing this
again with you.
I'm not doing
another prison run.
I swear to god, Terry, if
you go again, I'm gone.
- You don't make enough money at
the club.
Wanna be in school, bills
and other shit's due.
Either I do this or we're
out on our ass.
(exciting rhythmic music)
Fitz, Armenian mafia, one
of LA's most eccentric
drug lords and nothing
to toy with.
- Look at that, fantastic, huh?
Fucking (mumbles).
Terry, I see you finally
made it to the big city.
- It's a nice little
drive for us.
It's my man--
- I know who Mike is, your right
hand man.
I know everything because
I watch everything.
I don't want people
think I'm not watching.
Do you know what part of town
you are in?
It's what they
call it in Armenia.
It's as close as I can get to
home without taking airplane.
- Must be nice, dog.
- I love it.
I love it because they love me.
I'm king here, they appreciate
what I do for my people.
But I love where you live too.
- [Terry] That's Mia, his
bodyguard,
one of the most beautiful
psychopathic killers
you'll ever see.
- There's a lot of
space out there.
You can do whatever
you want, no one cares.
- [Terry] She does not
talk, she just kills.
- So what can I do for you,
Terry?
- I just need some weight
so I can start wholesaling
and stop chasing pennies.
- There's a lot of dope
on the streets out there.
What makes you think you can
move weight?
- It's my hometown, I've
made a name for myself
moving weight a few years back.
- What about muscle?
South side has got a lot
of labs set up out there.
They shake you down
just for sport
and I don't think your dog
here has big enough bite.
- I got plenty of dogs, dog.
- Okay, but I assume that
you know with me that
you owe whether you move
it, lose it, or whatever.
- You know I know.
- I hope you know, Terry.
One question, I know
you are best cook ever.
Why not just work in lab?
- Mmm hmm, I'm never
getting out of prison
if I'm caught anywhere
near a lab.
- To making a (mumbles).
- (mumbles) should be American
made, man.
It's the fucking super
sport of the dope game.
I love America.
(soft rock music)
I'm just saying, man, shit just
got real.
I'm (mumbles) that's Armenia
mafia, dog.
- This ain't the time to get
cold feet.
- No man, all I'm saying is
you cooking and you slip,
it's a long time in the pen.
You slip with Fitz and
you're in the grave, dog.
It's all a fucking gamble.
- That means no slipping.
It's like clockwork, stick to
the program,
watch each other's back.
- T, you're all I got, man.
I ain't got no fucking family.
You're the only motherfucker
that reached out to me
when I came down from AZ.
I've had your back, dog.
What's the fucking program?
- Simple, we got five pounds.
Dump half pounds
to eight people,
spread the weight so the
vultures don't see us.
- What if we get half back?
Or worse, what if we
get nothing at all?
- Worst comes to worst, we
can grind up the last pound
dollar for dollar.
We got Bobby in the
dog pound backing us.
It's a cake walk.
Stick with the program.
(gun cocks)
(soft lighthearted music)
Well, we up now, just
got the drop from Fitz.
(exciting fun music)
- Oh my god, it's 7:15,
I have to go to class!
- Can I get a little affection
after a hard night's work?
- Maybe if you actually
came home at night,
you'd get more than
a little affection.
(laughing)
(soft lighthearted music)
I want you so bad.
But I need an education and you
can wait.
- Such a fucking tease.
- One more year of school
and then I'll be certified
to work in a hospital
and I'll have a real job,
we can have a real life.
Even move out of this stupid
dying town.
- I got a real job,
I make real money.
That's what matters, the money.
I don't know what's so real
about our relationship.
Take penitentiary
chances everyday,
that's real enough for me.
- Terry, where did you
get all of that dope?
Please tell me you're not
cooking again.
- Of course not.
- Just be careful.
You know I didn't mean what
I said last night, right?
- You said a lot last night.
- The part about leaving you
if you went back to prison.
I'm not leaving you
no matter what.
- And I'm not going to
prison no matter what.
- Just be patient.
You're smarter than all of this.
You can break down and rebuild
an engine
faster than you can cook a batch
of dope.
- Why do you think my
kitchen doubles as a garage.
I'm gonna get an
auto shop one day.
- I know, Terry's Auto Repair.
I believe in you, baby.
- Do you want me to give
you a ride?
- No, my classmate's coming to
get me.
- [Terry] When you're
sitting on this much dope,
the one thing you can't do is
sit on it.
And to move it,
you need muscle first.
My boy, Bobby, he breeds pit
bulls and
rolls with some of the
meanest dogs in town.
(deep rhythmic music)
(barking)
- [Mike] So wait, what kinds
of breeds you got here, bruh?
- I got all kinds,
I got Americans,
I got Stafford Shires, I
got red nose, blue nose,
I got brindles.
Shit, I even do special orders,
dog.
Why, you want something?
- No, I'm good.
- Ya'll came down here
to talk about canines?
What ya'll really want,
what's popping?
- [Terry] We need muscle.
We got weight and we
want you to roll with us.
- Told you before, dog, you know
how I do.
I don't touch nothing
unless it's some real weight
and some real paper.
In case ya'll ain't notice,
there's dope everywhere,
every corner.
- We got weight.
With you and your boys,
the dog pound behind us,
nobody in these streets
want a problem.
- [Bobby] How much weight ya'll
got, dog?
- Five pounds.
- Damn, ya'll sitting
on five pounds of dope?
- Hell yeah, man, we
ain't fucking around, dog.
- [Bobby] Damn, where
ya'll trying to move it at?
- Everywhere, right.
But first we gotta
lock down that
fucking bullshit pool hall.
- All right, I hear you.
What's my cut?
- Whatever you want, reasonable.
- Yeah, yeah.
(whistling)
Fiss, Fiss, come here,
come here, come here.
Yeah, so what ya'll planning
to do about the ese's?
- Shit, that's what we
got you for.
- I say we cut them in, be fair.
If they don't want in,
fuck them, we cut them out.
- Like that?
- Like that.
- Word, homie.
Yo man, we need to lock this
shit down and
they'll fucking come to us, man.
- What, what, what's that?
(dog squeals)
Oh, I forgot, where ya'll
get all this weight from?
- Fitz.
- Fitz gave you all five pounds?
What?
This is real, you understand.
- That's why the fuck we came to
you, dog.
- That's why I love
ya'll like my dogs, huh,
that's why I love ya'll!
Let's get this money, we rich.
Pick it up tomorrow,
huh, next day?
- Word, homie.
- Don't do none of that,
don't mess with none of that.
- [Terry] This is Southern
Cali and don't no drugs
move around here without the
south siders
getting a piece of the action.
That's the biggest Mexican
gang in the country,
backed by the Mexican mafia.
Anytime the word mafia is
put behind a nationality,
that simply means it goes all
the way back to the homeland.
- Shh, fuck, man, here he comes.
- [Terry] They come
after your entire family
if you cross them.
It's not just about the money
with them,
they do it for the brown pride.
(deep rhythmic music)
(grunting)
(speaking Spanish)
Welcome to (speaking
in Spanish).
You're one of us now, holmes.
You're gonna need this ese.
(deep rhythmic music)
(speaking in Spanish)
- Shit ese, I thought we
were gonna have to leave
your ass here, come back
and try again another day.
(mumbles) had to do
that five times,
(mumbles) with an ass kicking,
homie.
- Not me, homie, I'm all in.
- Is that right?
- That's right.
- You ready to buck your cherry,
homie?
Put in some real work?
- For sure, let's do this.
(speaking Spanish)
- Welcome to the hood, ese.
- Scream, ese.
Fucking scream, holmes.
- (mumbles) we did scream last
time (speaking in Spanish).
We gotta switch it up,
it's (mumbles) time.
- Come on, ese, scream is
(mumbles) as fuck, homie.
(mumbles)
- Nah, fuck that, man,
everybody do the same.
What you wanna stand out for,
ese?
Why, so you can be identified,
homie?
What the fuck is wrong with you
guys, man?
This ain't a fucking game!
You motherfuckers better
get this shit straight,
I fucking swear, homie.
This ain't no fucking game,
homie!
This ain't no fucking game, ese.
This is some serious shit,
homie.
You got that?
Hey Flea?
- What's up, dog?
- You know what you gotta do,
right?
(mumbles)
- This vato will be fine.
It's like riding a bike, Flea.
After the first time,
it's a breeze, homie.
- Don't fucking move,
motherfucker!
(soft eerie music)
- Let's get the fuck out of
here, let's go, let's go!
(deep thumping)
(soft eerie music)
(glass shattering)
(gun firing)
(tires squealing)
- Damn, Paco.
- Shut the fuck up, bitch.
You see men are talking,
stupid fuck.
Check it out, homie, we're in
the city and
we're taking care of some
business, ese.
- And we cut this
little fool in.
Flea is (mumbles) now.
We dust him up a little bit.
- Is that right?
Get out of here.
Let me know when
he's really ready.
Bring him back and I'll
put some ink on him.
- See this tat, ese?
It's live, homie, ain't no
turning back.
Let it die with them, ese.
- Why your boy tripping, Flocko?
- Hey Flocko, come here, dog.
- Gotta take care of
some business real quick.
You know, party with the
homeboys, it's all good.
- That's right, let's go
in the bedroom and party,
get fucked up.
(laughing)
- Hey man, so how's that lab
doing, homie, that new lab?
- It's cool, real cool.
We're pushing twice the volume.
The shit's twice as strong, dog.
- Twice as strong, huh?
So we're making twice
the profit then, right?
- Nah, (speaking in Spanish).
It got quiet, homie.
- But you just said you're
making twice the volume,
so we should be making
twice the profit, right?
- I know but--
- What the fuck is the problem?
- I don't know what to tell you,
man.
- Wait in the back, take a
break, okay.
Have some fun.
- So let me get this straight,
Flocko,
if the production is A one
and the product is A one,
then why the fuck ain't we
killing it out here, ese?
- Because there's just too
much dope out here, ese.
Everybody got shit!
- Sounds to me like we got
some marketing problems, ese.
- (speaking in Spanish) ain't
what it used to be, Vatos.
- Since when, you just
said everybody got dope.
So it's cracking like that.
- Location, just like
real estate,
it's all about location.
- That's why everybody in the
hood kills
over territory, homie.
What's up with that pool hall?
- The owner wants more money
than we making there, man.
That's why I backed
off that shit.
- But more dope runs through
there than
the whole fucking desert, ese.
- Shit, if we have to blow
it up to lock it down.
It ain't worth it, vatos.
- Sounds to me like the
problem is that you don't
really wanna put in work, ese.
Is that what I'm hearing?
- Hey little Sleepy, Flea,
get the fuck out here, ese!
(deep tense music)
We're having a problem here,
man.
Let me ask you something,
are you some motherfucking
gangsters, huh?
Are you some motherfucking
gangsters or
some punk bitches?
Because if you're gangsters,
you need to do shit like a
motherfucking gangster, ese!
Gangsters don't fucking ask,
they don't ask permission,
homie, they just take shit.
They do what the fuck they want,
ese!
- I don't have to move
shit out here.
I got all my shit running
my labs going all to LA.
This is your fucking territory,
your fucking body, ese!
What the fuck you really doing?
If anything, I got some
fucking boxes full of oranges,
you guys can go to
the freeway exits.
I heard they making good money.
- Fuck that!
We gangsters, we take all this
shit over before it happens
and (mumbles).
- You gangster, then
start acting like one.
(deep tense music)
(slow eerie music)
(gun cocks)
(exciting music)
- Go, go, go, go, go!
(soft dark music)
(yelling)
(gun cocks)
- We're looking for
the big dope.
Where it's at?
Who got it, what's up?
What's up?
What the fuck is this?
I ever catch you in here again,
you're going to jail,
you got that?
You got that?
Get the fuck out of here,
get the fuck out of here!
Everybody, get the fuck
out of here!
- What up?
Got you some coffee.
- Perfect.
- Everything's looking good.
We're going to be alright.
- Yeah man, I'm liking what
I'm seeing right now, shit.
You know what I'm saying?
- Freeze, hands up!
(deep dark music)
- [Terry] Ah, man.
- [Mike] Ah, shit, man.
- I just love playing
cops and robbers.
Especially when I'm the
cop doing all the robbing.
Ya'll was scared as shit.
- Where the hell did you get
all this shit from, dude?
- Hollywood Prop, yo.
Eh, man, that's my badge!
I'm like the movies, I was
like, like DeNiro in there.
You should've seen me!
- Did they even ask
you about it?
- Hell no.
Listen, them motherfuckers
wanna get out of there.
They didn't wanna
go to jail today.
Would you read this badge
if we came in there like,
yo, get up!
You know what I mean,
get up out of here!
(laughing)
Yo, ya'll better check
ya'll panties because
I know you shitted on yourself.
(laughing)
- Shit, homies, let's get
to fucking work then, man.
- Let's go!
Yo, ya'll can relax now, man.
Damn, what's wrong with
them, they serious.
(laughing)
(deep rhythmic music)
- What the fuck took
ya'll so long?
- See, I told you, now we got
the whole place to ourselves.
- Hell yeah, man, it's about
to get popping up in here.
- All right, this is
how it's gonna go down.
Chris gotta go outside, Scottie
and Moe,
(gun cocks)
pushing all the eighths
and halves out back.
Big Bang got the inside.
Cassie, you and Gigi back here.
And Mike, you handle
all the weight in here.
- Yeah, I got you, dog.
All right, listen up,
from now on,
no one does shit unless
it goes through us.
Ya'll got that?
(laughing)
- Hey, Moe!
Hey, watch Scottie out there.
Yo Scottie, leave them
bitches alone, all right.
- All right.
- This serious and tuck
them guns,
don't be showcasing
no guns out there.
- [Terry] We got shop
set up in the pool hall,
now we gotta hit the streets,
spread the work around.
(deep rhythmic music)
¶ Yeah, I'm ghetto like braids,
waves, ¶
¶ Bald heads and (mumbles) ¶
¶ Ghetto like the first
of month, everybody paid ¶
¶ Ghetto like hip hop,
pop lock and drove spots ¶
¶ Mix tape, bootlegs,
Nike's and low socks ¶
¶ Flipping rock, main man
getting shot ¶
¶ Got popped while cooking
up, working the kitchen pot ¶
¶ I'm ghetto like organized
crime and crooked cops ¶
¶ Ghetto like every
motherfucking thing I got ¶
- Nah, nah, baby, I'm cool,
I got two years clean.
- What's up with that?
Pushing some shit and you
don't even believe it.
- One hit of that shit, you'll
be a believer, trust me.
(lighthearted rap music)
Damn.
(rumbling)
- Yo, yo, hurry up and finish
this fucking car as it be.
(mumbles)
What the fuck, nigga.
- You're not doing shit anyway.
- I'm the boss!
- You know what, let me see
you fix that shit by yourself.
You know what, I'm done.
- Yeah, man.
- Hey yo, what I tell
her right now,
the low rider acting good.
But you see the coke,
the ecstasy, the glass,
the motherfucking mushroom, all
that shit working right now.
(mumbles)
- (mumbles) the martian
gun again, let them know.
(mumbles)
- We handle niggas when
the time comes for that.
(mumbles)
Hey yo, you see my girl?
She'll have that shit bog
up by tonight.
You understand me?
Tomorrow got the old east
side fucking flooded.
Trust me, my lad.
- I'll hit you tomorrow
when I'm on this side.
- Hey yo, that's the business,
because tomorrow, we gonna go
low riding, you understand me?
Because (mumbles) be out
and gonna be for sure
fucking deep, you understand?
- Oh man, you got some
bad ass shit here, dog.
- Hey yo, I hand built those
babies by myself, my nigga.
That's my pride and joy.
- Shit, man, no I'm talking
about them bitches, man.
But you got some cool
cars here too.
- I hand built them bitches too,
from scratch to something,
you understand,
just like the cars.
(mumbles)
Hey yo, yo, yo, wanna
come right here, man.
(mumbles) come here.
You see, we have them
in every fucking flavor.
Hey yo, Uno, go get
changed, you understand me,
because tonight, we gonna
get some fucking drug money.
So wanna put on the best,
understand me?
Understand me?
- What about our photo shoot?
- Man, fuck our photo shoot
right now.
This money, not that
money, you understand me?
- A drug dealer, I thought
it was gonna be a model.
- There's no money better
than drug dealer money!
(deep rhythmic music)
- Hey!
Hey, Mike!
Damn, same tweaker from the
other night.
They'll track you like
a blood hound
until they get you
for the worst.
(tense fast music)
- Hey.
Fuck!
Hey man, you see a kid?
(deep rhythmic music)
Where'd he fucking go?
- He went that way.
(deep rhythmic music)
- Fuck.
- [Man] Come on, man!
- [Mike] Fucking, man.
Fuck!
(deep rhythmic music)
(tires squealing)
- Good thing I
know the neighborhood.
(knocking)
- God damn, man.
- Billy Ray, it's me, Terry.
- All right, homie, shit.
- Shit, Terry.
Knock on that door like the god
damn feds.
- Crazy tweeker.
- You're about done got
blown to smithereens.
Nowadays, every tweek got a gun.
- Damn, all that money,
Billy Ray.
Trailer park Donald Trump.
Why don't you get a new
place to live?
- He's too damn cheap.
He just save, and save,
and save.
He won't even buy a pair
of decent shoes, Terry.
- There ain't any damn thing
wrong with these here boots.
Just getting broke in.
Baby, get the hell out
of my office anyway,
I'm in a meeting.
(laughing)
- This motherfucker said office.
- People think I got some money,
everybody come take it from me.
- I'm here to help you
make some money, Billy Ray.
Half pound, how fast can you
move it?
- Move faster than a rabbit
who spots a fox on the hunt.
- I knew I could count
on you for a fast flip.
- Just glad to see you're
back at home, Terry.
- You know it.
- Count me in.
- Okay Bobby, this place
is like a little ghetto.
How long we gotta sit here and
wait, man?
- Relax, my brother will be
here, dog.
He's like the mayor of
this little town, trust me.
- Nah, man, this place is
bullshit, dog.
Dope bitches and shit.
Yo, this is a bust
waiting to happen.
- Look here, my brother,
he's a real live pimp,
like the '70s and shit.
Funny thing is, he in the
middle of all this shit.
He run this shit.
Trust me, we good.
Don't get nervous on me now,
we in.
- I ain't nervous, I'm just
saying, look at the spot, dog.
Call it how I see it, shit.
- This is the game you chose,
we in it.
No need to be nervous.
Let me find out ya'll nervous.
(laughing)
He'll be here, trust me.
(sirens ringing)
- Fuck!
- Maybe ya'll was right.
Just chill, just relax,
just relax.
- Fuck!
- Hands, hands, let me see
them hands!
You boys been sitting out
here a mighty long time.
Now, put your hand down
and grab them keys out.
Now put them out the car.
Drop them.
Now, what you boys been doing
out here?
- Just waiting on a friend, sir.
- Is that right?
At a truck stop out in
the middle of nowhere?
- Then you boys wouldn't mind
if we take a look around?
- Nah, they don't mind.
He just gave me the keys and
they said
start with the trunk.
(tense deep music)
(fun rap music)
- Hey, fellas.
They all right, they with me.
That's my brother
in the backseat.
- I should've known
by his complexion.
(laughing)
- You're boys about found
themselves in a whole
lot of trouble out here tonight.
- Need to be real careful
out in these parts.
Things happen out here,
bad things.
- You ladies take care now.
- Damn, boy!
- You wanna be real careful.
Be real careful out here,
these are rough parts.
- Dog, what took you so long?
(car starts)
I told ya'll,
didn't I tell ya'll?
You was scared, weren't you?
- I wasn't fucking scared, dog.
- Because I wasn't scared,
I knew it.
You took long enough, damn, dog.
Yeah, man, yo these are
my partners right here,
Mike and Terry.
- What's up, homie?
- This my brother, Diamond,
a pimp.
That thing we talked about,
I got that weight for you.
I just wanna know if you
can move it out here.
- You know I control this.
Who got the key to this city,
little bro?
- You do.
Keep it moving.
- Look around you, player.
Everything around here is
like a big orchestra, player.
And I'm the conductor,
and they play whatever
I tell them to play.
And I kick back, man, and we
make beautiful music together.
- What about speed, dude?
It's really not your thing,
you think you could move glass?
- Coke, weed, and speed,
whatever man.
It ain't nothing, what
are you talking about?
- Dog, what are you
talking about?
- Eh, man, I think your
players may be Federales.
Do you know these players?
- Hey, what the fuck you just
say, homie?
- Yo, my--
- [Mike] No fuck that, dog,
I don't play that shit.
- Yo, chill, Mike.
- Fucking cops here.
- Motherfucker, you know me,
you know I wouldn't bring
you no bullshit.
- Man, I ain't ever gonna
risk my big time hay
for this small time play, bro.
- Come on, dog!
- Player.
- Dog.
- Look, play in this, dog.
You want the work or what?
- Man, I told you, bro, you
drop it off, I knock it off.
I got you, man.
- Why didn't you say that when
you first
got in the car, dog?
(light rap music)
- Yeah, what ya'll two need in
ya'll life
is a little seasoning,
player, a little snow.
And I keep it snowing
365 days a year.
(mumbles)
(soft slow music)
(door opens and closes)
- Baby, I'm sorry.
Are you ready for work?
- It's all right, I
took off anyway tonight.
- Damn, you should've
let me know.
I would've rushed home.
You know I'm on a mission.
- All you care about
is your mission.
- You know I gotta get rid of
this stuff.
I can't just sit on it.
- Can't you see what this is
doing to you?
- What are you talking about?
I'm getting us on our feet.
- We're on our feet.
We have a roof over our
head and food on the table.
I watched greed destroy my mom
and daddy.
- Don't compare us to
your parent's failures.
- My dad is in prison
for the rest of his life
because he killed
somebody over drug money!
I see that in you!
- Don't throw that in my face.
Look, I took care of you with
drug money
when your parents threw
you out in the street
when you were 15 years old.
And I've been taking
care of you ever since.
- Do you know why I took off
work tonight?
I just wanted to be alone
with you.
(soft slow music)
(moaning)
(soft tense music)
- And push the over unders
on the small betters,
they add up.
My man, hot bets on
rebounds and assists
are for sure in the Boston game.
The point guard and the
power forward are hurt.
That's a game changer.
- Props on block shots.
You got Andrews with 10,
I don't see it.
- You never see it
until it happens.
She sees it before which is
why you work for her, duh.
- New York's forward's hurt too.
So they're bringing Cole
off the bench to play center
and push Andrews
to power forward.
That kid's jumping out the roof.
He'll block what, 12,
15 shots easily.
- Well, my whales are in town,
I need something huge to put
them on.
Can you give me something?
- For anyone trying to
get rich quick,
my six pack parlay or
accumulator or combo that
is the one.
You tell them scared
money don't make no money.
- I know that's right.
- I hear jets landing
as we speak.
People I need you all to
get out there and network.
I need new clients.
Use your VIP comps, pop
bottles, get some hot girls.
Dazzle them.
Get to work.
It's gonna be a good weekend.
(beeping)
- [Woman] Mr. Chang Lee in from
China
has been waiting for an hour.
- We'll be there in a moment.
(beeping)
You ready, baby girl?
These China men like to
intimidate to get their way.
- Yeah, but I'm in a whole
different mood this morning.
- Good, let's go get this money.
So sorry to keep you waiting,
Mr. Lee.
(deep tense music)
- I seem to have come a bit
ill prepared for this meeting.
I only brought my notes,
which consists of numbers
and stats.
- Please forgive my assistant,
Mr. Lee.
She just joined the NRA.
She's on a relentless campaign
to express
her second amendment rights.
- Where I come from, we tend
to lean towards education
and technology to uplift
the people as a whole.
- Yes.
(deep tense music)
- I only have a few questions
about our agreement.
I like your picks but since we
are taking
all the financial risk--
- I totally understand
and I want to assure you
that we will make adjustments
for all of your concerns.
(slow tense music)
(laughing)
Have you lost your fucking mind?
- What.
I was just trying to let
them know from jump street,
we ain't with that bullshit.
- If you ever pull a gun
within 3/10's of a second,
a bullet better come
out that chamber.
- Hold on, wait, you mean
to tell me you've never
pulled a gun to
intimidate somebody?
- When you pull a gun,
you shoot somebody.
You use this to intimidate.
You have got to learn to
get the drop mentally,
you pull a gun and you give them
the power
because you didn't shoot!
- I was just trying to
do what you would do.
- I sent you to school so that
you didn't
have to do what I did.
Wake the fuck up, baby girl!
(exciting music)
¶ Do you need it, do you
need it, do you need it ¶
¶ Why don't you mean it? ¶
¶ My dogs don't bark much but
they're bite is vicious ¶
¶ Man, they don't talk much,
bite with the quickness ¶
¶ And move shit up like
life is a sickness ¶
¶ And death's the answer
and the fact of cancer ¶
¶ We living in the hood,
forever in the hood ¶
¶ Bad bitches on the block
forever give them love ¶
¶ (Mumbles) the spots but
they never give them up ¶
¶ Man, they love dirty money
so they don't give a fuck ¶
¶ More dudes that get with it
and live it until they buck ¶
¶ But we gonna die young or
have money and live it up ¶
¶ Fuck it, give it up
and get a job ¶
¶ And turn neighborhood crack
into star hitting hard ¶
¶ You wanna pull bar, get
large, you getting robbed ¶
¶ Eye witnesses see it all ¶
¶ Refuse (mumbles) ¶
¶ Jungle style all
neighborhood running wild ¶
¶ Try to slide in
and set up shop ¶
¶ Young thugs gun them down ¶
¶ (Mumbles) ¶
¶ I'm clapping for real ¶
¶ I had to shoot for
real and shoot for cash ¶
¶ And got up (mumbles)
for real ¶
¶ John Cat capping the stage ¶
¶ (Mumbles) ¶
¶ Had to shoot for real, shoot
for cash ¶
¶ (Mumbles) ¶
- What are you doing,
I've been waiting for you?
- I was just waiting out here.
I don't wanna get bombarded.
- Yeah, you're becoming
the man around here, huh?
Where's the car?
- I'm going to take it apart.
- What are you talking
about, my car's in the shop.
- You wanna take your new car?
- You didn't.
No, we can't afford this.
- We all ready did.
Let's roll.
(laughing)
(fun exciting music)
¶ My love will never fade ¶
¶ I promise I'm here to stay ¶
¶ Here to stay ¶
¶ Our love will never fade ¶
¶ Never, never, never fade ¶
¶ I promise I'm here to stay ¶
¶ Here to stay ¶
¶ When I first laid eyes
on you ¶
¶ I knew my heart was
in trouble ¶
¶ First sound of your
voice made my blood ¶
¶ Pumping and heart
beat double ¶
¶ Damn, it almost knocked me to
my knees ¶
¶ Then the look in your
eyes told me you was on me ¶
¶ So then I threw my sass on ¶
¶ So you threw your
mac because ¶
¶ Somebody in action,
ain't no turning back ¶
¶ I swear to god you
got my heart from now ¶
¶ Until the day I die my
love will never fade ¶
¶ I promise I'm here
to stay, here to stay ¶
¶ My love will never fade ¶
¶ Never, never, never fade ¶
¶ I promise I'm here
to stay, here to stay ¶
¶ So you can wake up
and you know that I'm ¶
¶ Still gonna be there ¶
¶ We can break up and you know
that I'm still gonna care ¶
¶ But a bitch better not
play with your heart ¶
(deep dark music)
- Do you know why
you wear gloves?
Why I make you wear stupid
plastic hats?
DNA, DNA, which is like trail
for dog.
Federal dog.
I leave no trails to lead to me.
So who brought cooking supplies
from local supply company
into my lab?
Feds put tracking devices
on all cooking supplies
sold in stores.
So I worry about DNA.
When they have fucking
tracking devices!
Now four of my labs
raided and gone.
(deep intense music)
You are so fucking hot.
Anyone stupid enough
to lead a dog to my lab
will lead a dog to me.
- [Terry] Kelly was finally
flying me out to Vegas
to see how she's living.
When you come up, it's only
right that you
give a taste of the high life.
And my girl, Kelly, she does it
super big.
(fun rhythmic music)
(laughing)
(cheering)
- Yeah!
Oh my goodness, everybody
gets a top, everyone!
(cheering)
Stop the music, stop the music!
Whoo, what a night, what a
night, what a night, ya'll!
I have to do a toast for
everyone in this room
that put your money where your
mouth is.
You all are responsible
for making this a record
setting month for
Platinum Books,
and for that, we've got to toast
it up.
(cheering)
- That's all you, baby,
it's all you!
(laughing)
- Thank you, baby,
but it's also because
I got a great team,
my team is awesome.
Thank you guys for getting
out there, networking,
making it do what it do.
But there's one very
special lady that I got
to show some love to,
she's my inspiration,
she's my backbone, she's my
assistant, she's my baby girl.
Ya'll show some love,
come on up here, Keisha,
come on!
(cheering)
- All right, we all
know what this is about.
The testament to the fact
that real numbers add up
to real accomplishments.
- Yes!
- Because what?
- [Group] Numbers don't lie!
(cheering)
(exciting playful music)
¶ I'm a winner in this bitch ¶
¶ You just been getting
in the shit ¶
¶ I can't lose ¶
¶ I'm a winner in this bitch ¶
¶ You just been getting
in this shit ¶
¶ I can't lose ¶
¶ And I know you wanna hate us ¶
¶ And that's okay too ¶
¶ I be on hiatus ¶
¶ Waiting for the next move ¶
¶ I'll be on my super fly shit ¶
¶ Blasted out of my mind with
like two to five chicks ¶
¶ That (mumbles) ¶
¶ Yeah, I keep them
in my repertoire ¶
¶ Bad bitches with more
gifts than Mardi Gras ¶
¶ The money (mumbles) ¶
¶ Rather go hungry because
the money's on line ¶
¶ Never look dumb because
I own my (mumbles) ¶
¶ Nigga, I ain't lyin' ¶
- Hey (mumbles)!
(laughing)
Hey, hey, pretty boy,
how are you?
Wow, huh.
This is crazy, huh?
Well, you know us, we work
hard, we play even harder.
- Look at you,
you really did it.
I'm gonna do it just
like you do.
- Oh, come on, you're
a fine ass white boy.
The world loves you.
Me, I'm a black woman
and they try to ignore me
but I wasn't having it.
You know, if I can do it, you
can do it.
- How the hell did you make so
much money?
- I took an old concept,
made it new.
Sports betting is the
new Wall Street.
It's safer, predictable,
easy to manipulate.
- I never heard of the
sports crashing either.
- Yeah, exactly.
People like to see their
money work for them.
I make it happen.
I'm a new age stockbroker.
- Sounds like something
I get into.
- Unless you get robbed,
and then I have to come
in and regulate again.
- Picture how we left that
place stuck in my head forever.
(deep dark music)
Kelly actually got her start in
the game
as a hitman for the mob.
One time, I had a
serious problem.
I called her up for help
and whoa, problem solved.
- Ya'll just had to bring
the bitch out in me.
Well get that picture out of
your head
because things
are different now.
I'm in the luxury business.
Everything that my
clients want, from jets,
VIP at the clubs, suites,
girls, whatever they want,
I deliver, I make it happen.
- That alone must cost
you a fortune.
- No, I can get some
good comps at the casino.
They love me.
- Shouldn't they hate you?
They hate to lose.
- They love winners.
You should see, they do
articles, magazine
spreads on it,
makes people think that
they can win.
- And that keeps them gambling.
- Yeah, exactly.
I get them into the casinos
and once they got them,
they got them.
- That's big.
- Yeah.
What you doing nowadays?
- Trying to work on some cars,
you know, have my own shop,
own some shit.
- Think bigger than that.
I tell you what, pretty boy,
you slide some of that
cash my way
and I guarantee you,
guarantee you,
you will have a block of
your own shops.
Feel me?
- Yeah.
- I'm gonna make it
happen for you.
- You're looking good.
- You looking good.
- Hey!
- Well, lookee here.
Hi, pretty girl.
- I'm proud of you, an.
(mumbles) look at you!
(laughing)
- It's nice when pieces of
the puzzle come together.
Picking up pieces,
maybe you should get her
a little piece too.
- You got that vision though.
Your mind puts things together.
- Boom, boom, boom.
- I'm blessed you keep
me part of the picture.
- I got you.
- Look at this picture, we got
the whole crew back together.
- Ah, group hug, group hug.
(laughing)
Ooh.
Well, I think a billion dollars
just walked in the door.
I'm gonna holla at ya'll later.
- Get that.
(fun dancing music)
(cheering)
- Sometimes staying sober
around so much dope and
money is the hardest part.
I think Biggie said it best,
commandment number four,
I know you heard this before,
never get high on
your own supply.
While I was in Vegas
tying ends together,
Mike was at home coming
apart at the seams.
(deep tense music)
- What's going on?
I told you I don't have
to work until later.
- Bitch, I am working.
- Well, you at least could've
fucked me.
- What, you wanna get fucked?
- You're a fucking asshole.
- Consider yourself fucked,
bitch.
- Fuck you.
- No, fuck you!
- Fuck you!
- Stupid bitch.
- Asshole.
(fun rap music)
(mumbles)
(deep dark music)
- Good morning, pretty boy.
You're up early.
- [Terry] Can't sleep,
thinking about your offer.
Why you up so early?
- To be ahead of the game,
your game has got to start
everyday before everybody
else's.
Simple math.
- [Terry] What do you do
this time of the morning?
- Research.
You see, the most important
thing in sports betting
is knowing everything
about a player or a team.
Who's hurt, who's on drugs,
who's wife left them,
whatever.
- [Terry] Because everything
affects who's going to win.
- Exactly.
By the time everyone
else gets up,
I've all ready done my picks.
See, they think I'm a genius
but I just put in the work.
And pretty boy, you
started your morning off
right this morning.
I got you.
(laughing)
- [Terry] I'm all in.
I'm going to drop it in
the account like you said.
- Cool, let me know
after you go to the bank.
- [Terry] All right.
- Toodles.
Hey!
- Morning.
- [Kelly] Good morning.
(exciting energetic music)
- What's up?
- What's up, fool?
- Look, it ain't even
popping up in here
unless you came to talk to me,
all right.
(mumbles)
What?
(grunting)
What's up now?
Get the fuck out of
here, get the fuck out!
Your fucking ass is mine!
Get the fuck up outta here!
What the fuck wrong with ya'll?
Look at all the guns not used!
(deep rock music)
- Yo, what the hell is wrong
with you?
Have you lost your
mind or something?
- What are you talking about?
- You got dope from Fitz?
And on credit?
- Look, we got it handled,
all right.
- Who the fuck are you
to even speak on our
business right now?
- Clearly you don't know
who I am,
otherwise you'd keep
your mouth shut, okay.
- Who is this bitch?
- Whoa, whoa, all right, chill.
Look, we got it fronted,
we got it covered,
it's handled, the money's there.
We're taking it to
him right now.
- Bam.
- Bam, see all that shit.
We're fucking balling right now.
Look, we're up.
(screams)
- (mumbles) you don't
know what you're doing.
- I will fucking slap the shit
out of you.
- Hey!
- [Terry] Jojo.
- What?
- Chill, please put the
gun down.
- Get your fucking head
blown off your shoulders.
Listen, you know what game
you're in, man,
I'm just trying to say,
don't be stupid and get pulled
into the bullshit, okay.
For real.
- [Terry] You know I know that.
- For real, and shake that
tweaked out loser next to you.
- Bitch, fuck you, man.
(mumbles) pull a guns
out and not using it.
- No since shooting you,
you'd be a waste of a good
bullet, babe.
- Hey, take your fucking
ass and walk it back
to the fucking strip club,
bitch.
- The only thing beating
on you is your mouth.
Be safe, Terry.
- What the fuck was that, dude?
- Don't let that strip
club shit fool you.
- Who the fuck is that bitch?
- She's a gunner, for real.
(slow lighthearted music)
That's everything I owe
you, and I'm a week early.
- I'm impressed.
I have much faith in you.
Now I need your help.
- How can I possibly help you?
- I know you have a recipe
through cork
using our three ingredients.
It's impossible to set up
new labs now because of feds.
I need you to cook.
- No way, absolutely not,
I can't cross that line.
- I respect that but
you do owe me a favor.
One favor deserves
another in turn, I think.
- Yeah, but that's my life.
I don't owe you that.
- Okay.
So you will take one more
package and move it for me.
We'll be even then,
you will be rich.
Say 50 pounds.
- Fuck it, dog,
we can do this shit.
- That's 10 times.
- I don't give a fuck.
- Oh, Terry, Terry, Terry.
You take your time, I know
you have clientele now,
so just roll.
- Man, give me this fucking bag,
dog.
I ain't playing.
- It's the last load,
then I'm out.
- Come on, dog, let's roll.
(deep tense music)
- [Terry] So what's the count?
You always say every
game is a numbers game.
- Accountability is the
ability to count your
strengths and weaknesses
and asses them properly.
- [Terry] How do my assets look?
- Mmm, you have a
retirement fund,
if that's what you trying to do.
- [Terry] That's all I
needed to hear.
- Listen, I'm at my LA spot,
you should come through,
we're having some drinks.
- [Terry] I'll be there.
- All right, darling, I'll see
you soon.
I like that kid.
- I'm so pissed at
Terry right now.
- What happened?
He sounded so cool.
- Yeah, he thinks he's cool.
He got dope from Fitz, how cool
is that?
- Well, in this game, if you
wanna be big,
you gotta make big moves.
That includes taking big risk.
- Not trying to see
him get played.
He's playing way
out of his league.
- You can't protect him
from his bumps and bruises.
They'll either make him
or break him.
You try to protect him
from those life lessons,
he will never become
his own man.
Understand?
- Yeah.
- Because baby, this game ain't
no joke.
- Cheers to that.
(tense rock music)
(snoring)
- [Terry] Crystal had no
idea the Mexican she just
robbed is cartel and the uncle
of the head
of the South Siders.
She just turned everything
up a whole nother notch.
- These vatos didn't
have my back.
These two dumb asses
forgot the guns.
- It's my fault.
Can't send boys to do
a man's job.
- I tried, homie--
- Shut the fuck up.
I just got word from
my uncle that
some little bitch robbed him.
You can't even regulate
a fucking pool hall.
Now we got little hos
taking from us.
I'm putting the word in LA.
You got 48 hours to take
care of business.
(slow deep music)
(gun firing)
(screaming)
- Drop it, bitch.
Where's that bitch ass Bobby?
- He left, I swear he's gone.
- Tell that motherfucker
jokers came through.
Nothing moves or blinks
in this motherfucker
until he talks to me.
You got that?
- Yeah, okay.
(barking)
(gun fires)
- Fuck.
- Just calm down.
- Terry's not answering.
- Relax, you know the
reception out here is horrible.
(knocking)
- Open the fucking door, bitch!
(deep tense music)
Fucking bullshit.
- Fucking went out the
fucking window.
Get my fucking back, ese.
(mumbles)
(deep dark music)
- They almost killed us, okay!
- They came to the
fucking hotel.
- [Crystal] They came
out of nowhere.
- It's gonna be all right,
I promise.
- It's not gonna be all right,
it's not.
We can't even leave
the house because
of your drug thing!
- I can't do this.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- [Amanda] We can't even leave
the house.
- Quit fucking tripping,
all right.
We got this, all right.
- They came after my girl, man.
- So let's fucking do
something about it.
- Get Bobby on the phone now.
(deep tense music)
(sobbing)
(yelling)
- Come on.
Not my babies.
(slow eerie music)
- Since you love those
fucking dogs so much,
you can join them.
(gun firing)
- They're trying to kill
my girl, pool hall's dead,
Bobby's dead, you're fucking
strung out.
- Hey, fuck you, dog.
If we don't get Fitz's
money back, we're dead.
- There's no way we can
move all that weight.
My girl's life is on
the line now.
We gotta give him the dope back.
- Fitz doesn't want his dope,
dog,
he wants his fucking money,
all right.
- [Fitz] Yeah?
- We got big problems with
the Mexicans (mumbles).
We gotta bring the work back.
- [Fitz] I'm an
understanding man.
You bring it all back right now.
- He says bring it back,
all of it.
- Okay, dope.
(deep scary music)
- Fuck!
(deep rhythmic music)
(screaming)
- Crystal, you know I'm
not trying to leave this
house for any reason.
- Terry said it was handled.
Look, I mean, after you two
did almost get me killed,
it's the least you could do.
- You know that's not true.
Don't do this to me.
- You know I need this money.
I can't just sit around.
- Oh, I'm thrilled to be
your personal chauffeur.
- Got some for you.
- Easiest 100 bucks I ever made.
(slow tense music)
- Nice shoe.
(deep tense music)
- What's up?
- I am spun out if
something happened to her.
- What the fuck you talking
about, man?
Hey, calm your ass down, dog.
Maybe she need some
space or some shit, man.
- No way, no way she
does not call.
Not her style, not at all.
- You need to sit the fuck
down and calm your ass out.
All right, man, she's gonna
fucking call.
- Bro, I can't sit down.
(phone ringing)
- [Mike] There you go.
(deep dark music)
- Hello?
Baby?
Hello?
Fitz, what the fuck, what the
hell you doing with my girl?
Whatever the hell you
need me to do, I got it.
How the fuck does he know
we lost all the dope?
- What the fuck you mean,
(mumbles).
That motherfucker, homie,
that motherfucker ripped us off,
dog.
- I wanna see Amanda right now.
- Shh, shh.
Terry, you are so cute when you
are angry.
But you are in no
position to make demands.
So shut up and listen or
you'll never see her again.
Now, I bet you both
have weapons.
So Terry, take his gun
and yours and bring them.
(deep tense music)
(gun firing)
- You fucking, shit!
What the fuck, man, why?
What the fuck!
(deep dark music)
- He was fucking pig,
federal agent.
You didn't even know.
- No way, the last three
years, we ate together,
smoked together,
he was my friend.
- He was good.
He used you to get close to me.
- No way.
- Well at least he
finished his job.
He got close to me.
Now I have insurance, his body,
your prints on murder weapon.
- Feds knew a long time
ago Fitz would eventually
have to turn to me, so
they slid Mike onto me.
But the game took him
out even before
Fitz put the bullet in his head.
The dope, money, bitches.
Shit is just like a
double edged sword,
it'll slice you in half.
(slow jazzy music)
- [Amanda] This is how it
starts.
You're gonna (mumbles).
¶ I don't need it anymore ¶
(deep scary music)
- So, how are you,
pretty little girl?
- Don't talk to me, you
Armenian piece of shit!
- Now, now, I'll take that as
not so good.
But don't worry, I'm here
to make you feel better.
No crystal meth, heroin.
- What the fuck.
Wait for it.
(crying)
- No.
No, no, no!
No, please, don't do it!
(screaming)
(deep rhythmic music)
(tapping)
(radio chatter)
- You tell us what's going on.
We got a dead agent
that's been assigned
to you for three years.
- I don't even know
where to start.
- Okay, we know
everything all ready,
probably more than you.
- You are not our target,
Fitz is.
Murder, kidnapping, drug
manufacturing, you feel me?
- So why the hell are you here?
Why don't you go find him and
bring my fucking
girlfriend back?
- It's not that easy.
We need you because
our link to him is dead
and you're an eyewitness
to the murder.
- We need you to connect him to
the drugs.
- Fuck the drugs,
I want my woman back.
I know ya'll, ya'll don't
give a fuck about her.
- We have no idea where he's
holding her.
We jump the gun, she's dead.
- Ya'll handle ya'll
business, I'll handle mine.
I don't want nothing
to do with ya'll.
- Somebody's riding the
murder of a federal agent,
either you or Fitz, you choose.
You think this is a
game or something?
- Are you ready to go
down for this?
And we got you on 12 separate
drug and conspiracy charges.
You think this is over?
Be in touch.
- Once the feds pop up,
it can't get much worse.
Oh, shit.
Just got worse.
(deep tense music)
(soft radio chatter)
Can't even reach Kelly.
So she ain't coming to
save me on this one.
Let me talk to her.
I don't even know if
she's even alive.
- Don't you worry,
my little friend,
she is very, very much alive.
- [Terry] Amanda,
Amanda, are you okay?
- Hey, hi, I feel really good.
- [Terry] What the hell
have you done to her?
- It seems Amanda have
developed a very nasty habit.
And she will do just about
anything to scratch that itch.
- [Terry] Oh my god.
- So don't be stupid.
Or I will have to cancel
on you and
whore this bitch out just
to keep a smile on her face
and mine.
(exciting rock music)
- Man, I'm about to take my
chances and play my own hand
and be a snitch and let the
feds play me out like a pawn.
I'm cut from a different cloth,
you know.
(phone ringing)
(deep tense music)
- [Fitz] You take care
of this, kill them all.
(engines roaring)
(gun firing)
- How the hell did he
get out of there?
We had the whole fucking
junkyard surrounded.
- He knew what was up.
Fuck, I popped Mia's ass though.
- What have we done?
Oh my god, there's no
telling what he's gonna
do to Amanda.
(phone ringing)
Fuck.
- Terry, Terry, Terry.
You tried to set me up.
- Look, please, man,
please don't.
Please, I'll do anything,
just don't hurt her.
- Well, I'm afraid your
bitch is fucking dead!
(gun firing)
- No, no, no!
No, I just heard a shot!
- No, what?
- He shot her!
- No!
- He just shot her, I
heard it, they shot her
and then it went silent.
- No.
- Fuck!
- Call him.
- What have we done.
- Are you sure?
You gotta pull
yourself together.
- Pull myself together?
I got nothing. Don't you
understand that?
She was my everything.
- I know, I'm so,
so sorry but...
(slow tense music)
- Go ahead if you think
you're fast enough.
- I don't give a fuck,
kill me, I'm ready to die.
- I got a special delivery
for you.
(slow tense music)
Here's your package if you
still want her.
She's a mess now.
- Oh shit, man,
I owe you the world.
- You don't owe me shit,
it's all business, ese.
- Well, I'm afraid your
bitch is fucking dead!
(slow rhythmic music)
(gun firing)
- [Terry] No, no, I just heard a
shot!
- We're even here.
- Since we killed Mia and she
killed all Smiley's homies,
he felt he owed us for that.
So he popped Fitz
and scooped up Amanda.
Sometimes you never know
how shit's gonna go.
You just gotta stick to the
script and
however it goes, that's
how it's meant to be.
(soft slow music)
- I see you got your girl back.
The only problem is you
left a trail of dead
bodies to clean up.
- Not me, I didn't kill anyone.
- Don't matter, we got our man.
Clean your girl up.
(mumbles)
(soft tense music)
- [Kelly] Well, hello there,
pretty boy.
I see you're still
alive and well.
- [Terry] Damn, I tried
to call you for help.
Why'd you just leave
me for dead like that?
- Am I talking to a dead man?
I knew you had it in you
to get yourself out of
whatever you got yourself into.
I had to leave you alone.
So you would
find it in yourself.
(slow dramatic music)
(slow rhythmic music)
¶ Yup, here we go ¶
¶ You gotta believe me, yeah ¶
¶ Sit down for a minute,
I just wanna talk to you ¶
¶ Man to man, know what I mean ¶
¶ Hustler to hustler, yeah ¶
¶ Ya'll know where we
going with this ¶
¶ We going in the heart
of the hustlers, man ¶
¶ Yo, rise man of the street ¶
¶ Keep his hand on his heat ¶
¶ On the grind day and night
so his family can eat ¶
¶ Just six weeks ago, could
barely stand on his feet ¶
¶ Type of brother overcome
any challenge he meet ¶
¶ Jail cells to
street corners, ¶
¶ Bitches with heat on 'em ¶
¶ If you ain't from
the streets ¶
¶ Don't even speak on it ¶
¶ Keep your mouth closed or
you'll get knocked out cold ¶
¶ I was forced into this,
it's not the life I chose ¶
¶ I'd much rather been a
doctor or lawyer any day ¶
¶ Besides another convicted
fella in the pen ¶
¶ No matter how many rappers
tell 'em, ¶
¶ You gotta tell 'em again ¶
¶ The streets is real,
keep it real ¶
¶ Most never see them in ¶
¶ An early grave or 20 years
(mumbles) ¶
¶ PD and DA trying to
get me a deal ¶
¶ Either forfeit my
life or toss the dice ¶
¶ But either way I lose no
matter which way I choose ¶
(rap music continues)